Hi and welcome to this exciting course on sentiment analysis through deep learning with cactus and python.
I'm Dr. Norman and I'll be your instructor for this course.
I have a piece in computer science and a post doc and machine learning for security and privacy from
Max Planck Institute for Software Systems.
One of the world's leading research institutes I have more than 15 years of teaching experience and
about two decades of programming experience.
This course is about sentiment analysis which is one of those areas of machine learning that have immense
importance from a business point of view.
It helps businesses gauge how vending products are doing in the market and whether people liked their
products and their company or not.
It's also used by politicians and governments to decide whether their policies and stances have a good
standing with the masses.
Doesn't matter who you deal with.
Everyone needs to know the sentiment of people about something they are doing or making.
On the flipside Sentiment analysis is one of those ideas which are very poorly understood.
People who are working on creating sentiment analysis techniques typically don't have a good understanding
of how to write good sentiment analysis engines.
They typically rely on outdated techniques and methods for doing sentiment analysis that requires a
lot of effort.
Yet it used very poor results.
I'll give you an example if you search for sentiment analysis courses on any popular online course platform
you can see that many courses tried to teach you sentiment analysis using techniques that are outdated.
David tried to teach you about what words have a positive sentiment and how the grammar and center structure
affects sentiment while all that is true.
It's also a very inefficient way of doing sentiment analysis in the real world.
The best way to do sentiment analysis in today's industry is through deep learning.
You don't do sentiment analysis yourself.
You train a machine to do it for you and this is the approach that we will take in this course.
We will use deep learning to create a model that can do sentiment analysis for us.
This will help us write a sentiment analysis engine in less than 60 lines of code.
This engine will be able to perform industry grade sentiment analysis and can be scaled up very easily
for large scale systems.
In particular we will use Gatiss and Python for our deep learning purposes.
The reasons are simple get us is by far the easiest deep learning tool gets to get started with it was
developed independently by a Google engineer but since then it has been adopted by Google as the efficient
front end defensive floor.
Get us allows you to use many different backgrounds besides sense of flow as well.
So if you work with get us you can switch easily between the A.C. anti-gay Amex and any future backing
that might show potential in this course.
We take an extremely practical approach.
We learn everything through code so that you can immediately see how things are applied.
There are two types of students that can benefit from this course.
One if you have had some exposure to machine learning and possibly deep learning but aren't comfortable
with applying the concepts in the word for sentiment analysis.
At last making deep learning models seemed mystical.
If so this course is for you.
Second if you are a complete newbie to sentiment analysis but want to figure out how to learn it and
then apply it without going through page loads of math then this course is for you as soon as the score
starts we will immediately get recording a sentiment analysis engine and only come through the duty
when it's absolutely necessary.
Then after only the bare essentials a few days we will go back to campus and cover some essential concepts
to get you started.
This would include installation of us on Windows Mac and Linux and it will get you up to speed with
the best practices.
Then we will come back to our original less than sixty nine sentiment analysis engine and expanded fully.
That way you get to code your engine first and see results and then understand how it works and how
to extend it.
Remember my plan through this course is not to cover all aspects of sentiment analysis or deep learning.
I'm trying to give you a deeper feeling of why things work the way they do.
Once you understand the contents of discourse you will be in a much better position to fast track to
any material that you can find all through the course.
I will share my experiences and guide you through the common stumbling blocks that faced a lot of time
for people who are just getting started at the end of this course.
You will get a certificate of completion that you can use to prove that you have a deep understanding
of this bar for good.
And since this course comes with a no questions asked 30 day money back guarantee you've got nothing
to lose.
So enroll now and I'll see you on the inside.